CPLAT-11863 Add Redux Hooks (#674)
Workiva/over_react: doc/over_react_redux_documentation.md

> use [`createStoreHook`](#custom-context-for-hooks) instead.

See the [react-redux JS documentation](https://react-redux.js.org/api/hooks#usestore) for more details.

### Custom Context For Hooks
The [`ReduxProvider`](#reduxprovider) component allows you to specify an alternate `Context` via `props.context`. 
This is useful if you're building a complex reusable component, and you don't want your store to collide with any 
Redux store your consumers' applications might use.

To access an alternate context via the hooks API, use the hook creator functions:

```dart
import 'package:over_react/over_react.dart';
import 'package:over_react/over_react_redux.dart';
import 'package:redux/redux.dart';

// ------------------------------------
//  1. Declare the custom context
// ------------------------------------
final MyContext = createContext<MyState>();
final useMySelector = createSelectorHook(MyContext);
final useMyDispatch = createDispatchHook(MyContext);
final useMyStore = createStoreHook(MyContext);

final myStore = Store(myReducer);

// ------------------------------------
//  2. (Optional) Create a custom
//  provider component that uses the

> //  context defined above.

Reviewer: #nit this seems like it provides limited value and adds a bit of boilerplate, and may not be worth the cognitive overhead it adds for the reader (same goes for other examples)

Author: Yeah, I was just trying to make our example as close to the react-redux docs as possible.

Reviewer: Oh, okay, well if they include it, I suppose that's fine (though I don't agree with them 🙂 )

// ------------------------------------
mixin MyProviderProps = UiProps with ReduxProviderProps;

UiFactory<MyProviderProps> MyProvider = uiFunction(
  (props) {
    return (ReduxProvider()
      ..addUnconsumedProps(props, const [])
      ..context = MyContext
      ..store = myStore
    )(
      props.children,
    );
  },
  $MyProviderConfig, // ignore: undefined_identifier
);

// ------------------------------------
//  3. Create a function component that
//  uses `useMySelector`.
// ------------------------------------
mixin MyComponentProps on UiProps {}

UiFactory<MyComponentProps> MyComponent = uiFunction(
  (props) {
    final count = useMySelector((state) => state.count);

>     final store = useMyStore();

Reviewer: This hook and its initialization usage above should have similar warnings about not using useStore hooks

> [More information about the `connect` function](https://react-redux.js.org/api/connect#connect)

## Hooks

> OverReact offers a set of hook APIs as an alternative to the existing [`connect()`](#connect) Higher Order Component. 
> These APIs allow you to subscribe to the Redux store and dispatch actions, without having to wrap your components 
> in [`connect()`](#connect).

Reviewer: We should clarify these APIs' relationship to React Redux and link to that documentation up front, similar to the `connect` section:

```suggestion
OverReact exposes wrappers around React Redux hook APIs, which serve as an alternative to the existing [`connect()`](#connect) Higher Order Component. 
These APIs allow you to subscribe to the Redux store and dispatch actions, without having to wrap your components 
in [`connect()`](#connect).

> See: https://react-redux.js.org/api/hooks
```

import 'package:over_react/react_dom.dart' as react_dom;

main() {
  react_dom.render(
      (ReduxProvider()..store = yourReduxStoreInstance)(
        // Function components that use the hooks in this section go here.
      ), 
      querySelector('#id_of_mount_node'));
}
```

From there, you may import any of the hook APIs listed below and use them within your function components.

### useSelector()
```dart
TValue useSelector<TReduxState, TValue>(
  TValue Function(TReduxState state) selector, [
  bool Function(TValue tNextValue, TValue tPrevValue) equalityFn,
]);
```

Allows you to extract data from the Redux `Store` state, using a `selector` function.

The use of this hook will also subscribe your component to the Redux `Store`, and run your `selector` whenever
an action is dispatched.

* The `selector` should be pure since it is potentially executed multiple times and at arbitrary points in time.
* The `selector` is approximately equivalent to the `mapStateToProps` argument of [`connect`](#connect) conceptually.
* The `selector` will be called with the entire Redux `Store` state as its only argument.
* The `selector` will be run whenever the function component renders.

> By default, the return value of `selector` is compared using strict (`===`) equality. If you want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the return value of `selector` is compared using strict JavaScript (`===`) equality. If you want to
```

    // However, this may be useful for less common scenarios that do require access to the `Store`,
    // such as replacing reducers.
    final store = useStore();
    final dispatch = useDispatch();

    return Dom.div()('The current count is $count');
  },
  $MyComponentConfig, // ignore: undefined_identifier
);

// ------------------------------------
//  3. Render the function component
//  nested within the ReduxProvider
//  that is wired up to the 
//  custom context / store.
// ------------------------------------
main() {
  final app = (ReduxProvider()
    ..context = MyContext
    ..store = myStore
  )(
    MyComponent()(),
  );

  react_dom.render(app, querySelector('#id_of_mount_node'));
}
```

> __CAUTION:__ Be sure to not export the shadowed values of `useSelector`, `useDispatch` or `useStore` unless you know 
  exactly what you're doing, and the consumers of your library expect the hook to always have the context of the 
  state you parameterize it with.

> See the [react-redux JS documentation](https://react-redux.js.org/api/hooks#custom-context) for more details.

> ## Using Multiple Stores

Reviewer: Can we update this section to also mention / link to the "Custom Context For Hooks" section for consumers using hooks?
